   ScriptSocket - Free Remotely Hosted CGI Scripts

   ID Password
   ScriptSocket offers free remotely hosted CGI scripts for your website.
   If you don't have access to CGI,
   PLUG YOUR WEBSITE INTO SCRIPTSOCKET! Sign Up!



   Home
   Sign Up!
   F.A.Q.
   Link To Us
   Contact
   Customize Preferences
   Perl Video Tutorials



   Hot Scripts
   ScriptsCountdown
   Jigsaw Puzzles
   Sliding Puzzles
   Find-A-Word
   Amazon Store
   Random Link
   Random Image
   Jump Box
   Site Of The Hour
   Search Engine
   News Board
   Text Counter
   Web Stats
   Poll
   Click Tracker
   Short URL
   Current Visitors Counter

   Web ToolsDatabase Scripts Generator
   Geocoder
   Amazon Links
   Engine Eye
   Firefox Plugins Generator
   Logo Designer
   Image Optimizer
   Image Converter
   Button Maker
   Favicon Generator
   Page Rank
   Keywords Suggest Tool
   Popup Maker
   Color Codes
   HTML Editor Online
   Rich Text Editor
   Meta Tag Generator
   Link Extractor
   Google Sitemaps Generator
   Affiliate Programs
   Google Search
   Color Phaser
   Browser Information

   Free ScriptsImage Hotlinking Script

   Advertisements

   Programming homework help with any task.

   Need perfect written paper? Hire the best writer at Essay writing
   company.

   Professional accounting homework assistance - solve your accounting
   tasks today.

   Manateeandrivertours.com

   Straightgrade.com

   Current Visitors Hit Counter
   Counts how many visitors are at your site in the current 5 minute
   period. Configure the colors to match your site.
   Live Demo

   Text Counter
   A simple text hit counter for your site! Each time a page containing
   the hit counter code is loaded the hits will increase by 1. Set the
   counter to any number you like! The size of the text may also be
   customized and you may set different words to appear after the number
   of hits or you may select to have no words appear after the number of
   hits on your hit counter. Your settings can be changed at any time
   without having to alter the code on your website.
   Live Demo

   Countdown
   Count down to a date on the calendar, count down from a fixed number
   or count down any number of years, months, weeks, days, hours, minutes
   and/or seconds.
   Live Demo

   Random Link
   Add up to 20 pages or websites to the list, add the code to your site
   and a random link will display each time the page is loaded. Option to
   open sites in a new window! Links can be changed or edited without
   having to change the code on your site! Great for making your site
   dynamic and interesting!
   Live Demo

   Random Image
   Add up to 40 images to the list, add the code to your site and a
   random image will display each time the page is loaded. Each image may
   link to a webpage or site and can also open in a new window! Images
   can be changed or edited without having to alter the code on your
   website! Great for making your site dynamic and interesting!
   Live Demo

   Amazon Store
   Amazon is the largest and most successful online affiliate program,
   with over 1,000,000 members world-wide. If you have a web site, you
   can start earning money today and earn up to 10% commissions. The
   ScriptSocket Amazon Store makes it easy!
   Join Amazon.com Associates
   Join Amazon.co.uk Associates
   Join Amazon.de Associates
   Live Demos: US UK DE
   In Association With
   Amazon.com Amazon.co.uk Amazon.de

   Jump Box
   Add up to 30 pages or websites to the jump box so that your visitors
   can easily navigate your site! Customize the colors of the jumpbox to
   match your website. Links can be changed or edited without having to
   alter the code on your web pages! This is a great way to free up space
   on your site.
   Live Demo

   Site Of The Hour
   Add up to 24 links, 1 for each hour of the day, when a visitor clicks
   the 'Site Of The Hour' link, they will be taken to whichever site
   matches that hour of the day! The 2nd option allows the titles of the
   'Site Of The Hour' to be displayed. You decide whether you would like
   to surprise your visitors or let them see the title of their
   destination. Update the links at any time without having to alter the
   code on your web page!
   Live Demo

   Search Engine
   Create your own search engine! Enter up to 40 URLs, Titles,
   Descriptions and Keywords, place the search box on your site and
   enable your visitors to search your site or other sites online! Option
   to open sites in a new browser window. Give your search engine any
   name you like. Options include adding a custom banner to the search
   results pages. You can update and edit your search engine data and
   settings at any time without having to alter the code on your website!
   Live Demo

   News Board
   Create a news board for your site. Add the code to your pages and
   display your site news to your visitors instantly. Update the news
   board at any time without having to alter the code on your website!
   You may customize the colors of the text and the size of the text.
   Width of the news board can also be configured to suit your needs.
   Live Demo

   Web Stats
   Web Stats for your site, the most recent 100 visitors to your site and
   information about them including Date and Time, Page Visited, Referer,
   Host, IP Address, User Agent, Screen Resolution and Country.

   Poll
   Create a web poll for your site and have your visitors vote and view
   results online. Easy to configure and set up.
   Live Demo

   Click Tracker
   Click Tracker will keep count of how many clicks your links receive.
   Easy to configure and set up. Add your URLs in the members area.

   Short URL
   Create short URLs for your long URLs. Easy to configure and set up.
   Add your URLs in the members area.
   Live Demo

   Find-A-Word Puzzles
   Make find-a-word puzzles online. Create up to 10 find-a-word puzzles
   and link to them from your site or emails. Customize words, title,
   link to your site and the number of rows & columns in the puzzle.

   Sliding Puzzles
   Make sliding puzzles with your own pictures, upload pictures & create
   online. Create up to 10 sliding puzzles and link to them from your
   site or emails. Customize title, link to your site and the number of
   rows & columns in the puzzle.

   Jigsaw Puzzles
   Make jigsaw puzzles with your own pictures, upload pictures & create
   online. Create up to 10 jigsaw puzzles and link to them from your site
   or emails. Customize colors, title, link to your site and the number
   of pieces in the puzzle. When the puzzle is completed the player will
   be forwarded to a URL of your choice.




   Home Forgot Password? T.O.S. Privacy Policy


   Scripts.com Hotscripts CGI Directory The CGI Site [IMAGE] [IMAGE]
